It was you
I also heard Miss Shen recording the song in it just now.
Of the three songs, I like you better
Thank you, it is also fate to meet in a foreign country.
Miss Shen, can you treat me to a meal?
I happen to know some good restaurants
OK.
Wow, men are talented and women look.
Oh no male appearance female talent
Not right either
It should be a match made in heaven, really?
I beg that person to kill me
Let's help everyone
So happy, bah face
Where are you?
I am in a country
The theme song written for the League of Assassins final was selected
Came temporarily to record
Since you don't fight me
Please explain this photo to me.
Now I have something to come back and chat in person
I'm back. Are you free this afternoon?
I'm going into the group tomorrow, I'm not free